# Project 4
## Container Netorking
- Docker
## Vulnerability Scanners/Linters
One Dockerfile linter is https://hadolint.github.io/hadolint/ and it searches for best practices that are defined by docker. These best practices are a list of guidelines and recommendations for how to format certain common instructions/situations within the Dockerfile. With the hadolint linter, you just need to paste a dockerfile and click “lint”. It will then insert suggestions above “problematic” code. Example: When selecting an image with FROM, hadolint will suggest that you always tag the image explicitly. It is not always a good idea to just pull the latest image for your container. The command line version of hadolint provides a full list of “Rules” on its dockerhub page found here https://hub.docker.com/r/hadolint/hadolint. 

One vulnerability scanner is Trivy. Here is their official website https://aquasecurity.github.io/trivy/v0.21.0/. Trivy defines itself as a vulnerability/misconfiguration scanner for containers and other artifacts. They define a vulnerability as a glitch, flaw, or weakness present in the software or Operating System [being scanned]. It scans OS packages, language specific packages, and Infrastructure as Code files such as Terraform, CloudFormation and Dockerfile. The output of Trivy is very clean in my opinion, and it will list things like Common Vulnerability and Exposures (CVE) IDs, as well as the severity and library name associated with each vulnerability. A Trivy scan also outputs which version has fixed the issue (if one has), and a short description of the issue (if it can). 
